so I'm getting our first look if it's
all new Pursuit s 328 sport the 34 foot
center console with second vote a
pursuit support line of fishing boats
that combine its traditional angling
features with lots of cruising amenities
let's take a look around
so the cockpit is loaded with fishing
and cruising features we've got a dive
door to fish boxes in the sole a sink an
optional grill and a pair of these
flip-out seats there's plenty of comfort
here at the helm the captain's seat
adjusts for a nap and up and down and
this quote features Pursuit flip-down
helm step this float is equipped with
the optional Garmin electronic display
we like how they've arranged the
switchgear switches below the wheels or
for both functions switches up on the
console or for things that happen
overhead there's a sliding cabin door
down below we've got a lot of rod
holders and full livable functions the
standard T top is really impressive it's
formed with welded aluminum extrusion
bonded to a fiberglass top and a
laminated glass windshield it's so
robust it almost looks military spec
pursuit plans to expand the sport series
with a new F 368 sport coming this
spring
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters